(It’s a sunny Monday morning and I’m on my way to school, just like everybody else.) 
(…)
(Hmm... it’s almost grade 11. I should really start planning for my future.)
(I should go look for some clubs to join today. Maybe I’ll even become an exec. That’ll look pretty good on my resume.)
(But the school year’s almost over. Will there even be any clubs that would accept execs this late in the year?)
(I guess I could fill out an application to be an exec next year, but I’m not even in any clubs.)
HEY [player]!!! Wait up!
(A girl runs towards me and slows down as she reaches me.)
[player]! Why didn't you wait for me? We always walk together!
(It's my childhood friend, Sabrina.)
Oh, hey, Sabrina. I was just gonna go to the student services office. 
I think I wanted to ask my guidance counselor about universities I should apply to, and maybe some internships. 
I should really pad my resume with something, because I’ve done literally nothing these past two years… 
Oh, that’s cool. I’m just heading to a morning meeting.
Why does it have to be on Monday mornings?? I barely get any sleep these days!
A meeting? For which club?
Wellness@Mac! It’s the wellness club that Monica started last year, remember?
Oh, right. How’s it going?
Oh, well, I guess it’s not going too bad. People are showing up… but that’s about it.
Wait, I was just thinking of something! Do you think there’s any space left on the exec team?
Wait, you? As an exec?
Actually, that'd be great! We could use an extra pair of hands!
Monica would be pretty cool with it, and since I’m vice president, I can give you something right away!
(Wow! That fast?)
That'd be so great! Thank you so much! Can I start today?
Yeah! We have a meeting today after school in the English room! Don’t ditch, okay?
Haha, I won't.
After school. . .
(School has ended, and I'm now making my way towards the English room for the meeting...)
(I'm kind of nervous. What if this club isn't right for me?)
(I just kinda accepted Sabrina's invitation without really thinking about it, so I'm not sure what to expect...)
Heeeey! You came! Yay!!!
Yeah! Didn't I say that I was coming?
Oh!
Hi! Are you the [player] that Sabrina told me about? The one who wants to join the exec team?
Yup!!
Hello, you must be Monica, right? I'm [player]. Sabrina introduced me to Wellness@Mac. 
I'd love to join, if you're okay with it.
Yeah, sure! We don't have that many members anyway, so this would actually be really helpful!
(Wow! That was a lot quicker than I'd thought it'd be. I'm relieved.)
Thank you so much!
Okay! Then let's start setting up before everyone comes!
. . . !
Who's this? I didn't know we were still accepting exec members...
Have you ever been to our club?
Natalie, this is [player]. We have one more person to help out with our club!
Sorry for doing this so suddenly...
Well, I guess it doesn't matter...
As long as you're useful.
. . . Oh, hi guys! Sorry for being late, I had to take care of somethings...
Don't worry about it, Yulia. Also, meet [player], our newest member!
Oh, hello, [player]! I'm Yulia. I'm pleased to make your acquaintance.
Same here!
Um, [player], nice to meet you too, I guess. Since you're part of our club now and stuff.
Okay everyone! Now that we're done with introductions, let's begin preparing for our event!
It’s perfect that you offered to help out, [player], since it’s our annual Wellness Week and we’re hosting a big event today!
Oh! What's happening?
We're teaching people about healthy eating and food preparation while making snacks.
Today, we're making yogurt and fruit parfaits!
That sounds cool! I guess I'll help setting up the materials and supplies then!
(We begin setting up supplies. I take out packages of granola and fruit while Monica sets up the yogurt.)
(Soon, students start coming in. They all look happy and content, making their own parfaits and sitting with their friends.)
Thanks for coming, everyone!
One parfait per person, please! You can get seconds once everyone gets one!
Tell us if we're running low on anything!
(Wow. Once the club is actually hosting an event, all the club members become so mature and responsible.)
(Sabrina’s cheerfully welcoming everyone as they enter the room 
while Yulia and Natalie are going around to make sure everything’s okay.)
(I notice Monica in the corner of the room, talking to a guy who I think is a ninth-grader. 
I watch them talk for a few seconds. The ninth-grader looks a bit upset, while Monica looks concerned.)
Oh, [player]! Can you come here for a second?
Okay!
(I walk towards them. I wonder what's happening...?)
Uh, hi! I'm Phil!
I'm [player]! Nice to meet you.
[player]’s a new exec who might be able to help you.
Oh, uh, yeah! How can I help, if you don't mind?
No, I don’t mind! 
It’s just that my eating habits recently have been getting worse, and I thought I could get some help here.
What do you mean?
I’ve been waking up late for school more frequently, so I haven’t been able to make breakfast.
I’m always really hungry by the time it’s lunch, so then I end up buying a lot of food from the caf.
And then I end up feeling really bad after because the cafeteria food is really unhealthy.
Wow, that sounds pretty bad. Have you tried doing anything to change these habits?
I’ve tried waking up early to make breakfast, but I always end up sleeping in... 
It’s not like I’m not getting enough sleep, though! 
The main problem is that I don’t know what to make for breakfast and end up taking too much time.
I see... 
(Monica smiles at me encouragingly. 
I think she’s happy that I’m already contributing to the club, but I’m not sure if I can do this alone...)
Well, don’t worry, Phil! We’ll think of ways to help you. When can we meet up again?
Okay! I’m fine with after school!
Sure thing! Then let’s meet in this classroom again.
(Phil leaves the room and the rest of the event finishes.)
(Before I know it, the event’s over and we start cleaning up the classroom.)
Sorry for being so sudden about Phil like that, but as a new exec of the club, you’ll have to learn how to help people!
It was a really good opportunity.
Yeah, of course! I’m just a bit lost on how exactly to help him...
What's the main problem?
I think it’s him not being able to make breakfast because he doesn’t have enough time in the morning. 
Then he ends up eating a lot for lunch and feels bad about it. 
So if he’s able to eat breakfast in the morning, it’ll help him a lot, because then he won’t overeat for lunch.
Why can’t he wake up earlier? Does he sleep late or something?
I don’t think so. I’m pretty sure he just doesn’t like getting up.
Why don’t you search for some healthy breakfast recipes that are quick and easy? 
I’m sure that there are some recipes out there that are both healthy and fast to make.
Great idea! Then he’ll be able to both eat breakfast and eat healthier.
You can also think of some ways for him to get up more easily in the morning. 
That way, he won’t be stressed while making his breakfast. And it’s overall just healthier for him.
Yeah! That makes so much sense! 
Wow, you guys are good at this.
Haha, it just comes with experience.
Okayyy! We’re done cleaning up!
Then I guess we’re done for today. Good work everyone!
At home . . .
(Now that I’m done all my homework, I should start looking for some recipes...)
(I think I’ll find five. That’s a good number.)
. . .
END