(Just a cloudy Monday morning, and I’m getting ready for Period 1.) 
(. . .)
(Hey, it’s Monica!)
Good morning, Monica!
Hey...
(Monica briskly walks past me.)
(Hey, what was that about? Monica’s always smiling, but today she looks kinda... unhappy... )
(Maybe she’s just really busy right now, and she has somewhere to be.)
(She's club president, after all - so maybe she has something important to do, like meeting with a staff supervisor.)
(...I’ll see her at our Wellness@MAC meeting after school, anyways. She’s probably fine. Why am I worrying?)
After school. . . 
(It’s been 20 minutes, and Monica still isn’t here. Where is she?)
Hey, Yulia, do you know where Monica is?
No, not at all. 
Where is she? Doesn't she have all the stuff that we brought?
How are we supposed to run DIY Stress balls Monday without the flour and balloons?
Yeah, making stress balls is our club’s most popular event! Everyone else is still waiting outside. 
Does anyone know where Monica is?
I’ve texted her three times already, and she hasn’t responded. 
We’re going to have to quit if she doesn’t come in the next five minutes.
What?
And disappoint all these people??
No way! 
Maybe she’s still looking for a teacher who can supervise us, while we run our event... 
Someone would've already come about 10 minutes ago. It shouldn’t take a teacher this long to come to a club meeting.
Yulia and Natalie are right. We can’t run the workshop if we don’t have the resources.
We may as well close up shop now.
(. . . what happened to Monica?)
(Usually she’s responsible and she would always tell us ahead of time if she’s not coming.)
(She didn’t even text Yulia back, even though she always replies instantly on social media...)
Guys, do you think Monica’s been acting kinda funny today?
Yeah, I tried saying hi to her in the hallways today but I don't think she said anything back... or even looked at me...
In English class, she didn’t raise her hand or contribute to class discussion at all. 
She kinda just kept her head down, and was texting on her phone all day... 
But she always turns it off in class and puts it in her bag... 
Sheesh, what is up with her? This is really making me anxious... I'm even getting a stomachache...
Just give her some time, and maybe she’ll tell us about it later. She’s probably just having a bad day today. 
Don’t bother her online about it or anything, at least not right now. 
Everyone needs to be alone for a bit, to calm down and think. 
Yeah, good idea, Sabrina. Let’s pack up. 
I’ll tell them we’re not running today because we can’t find a staff supervisor. 
That evening after school...
I'm really worried about Monica... I'll message her once just to see how she's doing. She can reply whenever she wants.
END