Hey Monica. You seemed like you weren’t yourself today. What’s up?
Hey. I’m okay. I'm really sorry if I made you worry or anything. I don't like making my friends anxious.
I really don’t want to waste your time. This is my life, and I should be the one dealing with my own stuff. Please stop worrying about me.
Fine. You absolutely cannot ever tell anyone this, or talk about this at school, okay?
If you do, I will never talk to you again. I will cut you, and anyone you’ve told, completely out of my life. 
I don’t know if saying this will be a bit of a stretch, but I think I’m going through some relationship problems.
My boyfriend, he’s a very nice guy, I swear, but sometimes I think he’s become a bit overbearing. 
I don’t know, [player]. I really don’t know.
He takes me to go out on dates with him everyday after school, and I only get back home by 11 every night. 
He doesn’t like it when I text my friends, because he thinks that you guys are distracting me from our relationship. 
I know he’s been looking at my texts and social media, too - he always brings up my online private chats with my friends, in conversation.
Oh no. I’m so sorry for talking about him like this. I hope I’m not making him sound bad. He’s a wonderful guy, I swear. 
He says he’s doing this because he cares about me, and I’m certain he does. He says he couldn’t bear to be without me at all times. 
He’s a really sweet guy, [player].
Look, I gotta go now. I have to delete our text messages so my boyfriend wouldn’t know that I’ve been texting you right now.
Monica, I’m really glad you told me. I’m always here to talk to you, whenever you need me. Stay strong, okay? :-)
Wednesday after school - 11 PM
Hey, you weren’t at school today. Do you need me to send you English class homework?
It’s okay. Yulia already sent me hers. I really don’t like skipping class, but my boyfriend wanted to spend the day with me. <3 
I’m really sorry about what I told you last night. I was honestly just frustrated and tired, and what I said about him was really unfair. 
He really is a great guy, and I hope my silly rants didn't make you think less of him. I’m an awful girlfriend...
I think it’s really sweet of him to want to spend so much time with me, because that just shows how in love he is with me. 
And he checks my text messages to make sure that I haven’t been texting anyone shady, or that no one else is trying to flirt with me.
He says it's to protect me from anyone who tries to ruin our relationship or take advantage of me. 
But he also tells me what to wear, and what makeup look to put on, because he always wants me to look my best. 
He says that when I look attractive, it turns him on. That must mean I'm perfect for him, because he's crazy for me, right?
Well, I feel like it’s really pressuring... 
I know that he thinks I look really hot when I look a certain way, but I miss feeling in control over myself, especially over what I wear. 
It’s like I’m always under a constant expectation to look good for him, to be the perfect girlfriend to him... 
And it just gets really exhausting. Like a lot of things in our relationship. 
I appreciate that he finds the time to take me out a lot, but we always go wherever he wants to go, and do whatever he wants to do... 
Sometimes I feel like he only wants to make out, all the time. And I have a hard time saying no.
I feel like he’ll fall out of love with me if I say no. I don’t want to make him unhappy just because I don’t like certain things. 
Relationships are about give, take, and meeting a middle ground, right?
It’s getting late. I have to go do my homework. Good night, [player].
Good night, Monica.
Thursday after school - 11 PM
Hey, Monica. Do you have a moment tonight?
Yeah, I'm a little free. What's up?
May I please take a moment of your night to tell you something honest about your situation? 
. . . fine, but I might find this conversation hard, going forwards. Please try to be gentle with my feelings.
Well... maybe you’re right, in a sense... but I feel like calling him manipulative is a bit of a stretch... ? 
I told you, he’s doing these things because he loves me.
Well sure, I admit, maybe I don’t like some of the things he does. But I told you last night, relationships are about give and take. 
I don’t want to say no to him over little things that make me unhappy.
Oh no... you’re completely right... but he says that he’s the only boy in this school who would ever want to date me.
He told me that no other boy would ever find me pretty, let alone as much as he does. 
I think I’m still going to stay with him - other girls probably have it worse than I do. Better to have at least someone than being alone.
Monica, are you really happy being with him?
. . . no. I don’t think I really am that happy.
Monica, were you happier back before you started dating him?
Well, I really miss the feeling of being free to wear what I want and do what I want, without someone judging me and watching me all the time...
[player], are you saying that I should leave him?
Yes. This is very much what I believe, but I can’t force you to do anything, because I’m not you. 
The choice should be ultimately yours to make, because this is your relationship and you should get to decide whichever paths you take. 
Remember that you have choices, and no matter what your boyfriend says or does, the power is in your hands. 
You are the one who decides if you want to leave, in order to be able to leave.
I’m going to go now. I’ll have to sleep on this. Good night, [player].
END