Friday Morning - 7AM, in the school hallways...
(I hope Monica remembers where my locker is... hopefully she didn’t sleep in on me...)
(Oh, there she is.)
Hey. Thanks for meeting me in the morning, even though I texted you kinda late.
No problem. We’re still going out for breakfast together at Amber Cafe, right?
Yeah, let’s go. 
At the cafe...
So, I’ve thought about it, and after everything you’ve told me and helped me realize... I’m going to dump him.
Monica... that’s great. I’m really proud of you for gathering the courage to realize that and actually want that.
I want you to know that you always had and continue to have my full support, ever since Day 1.
I understand that breaking up is never easy, especially with an abusive guy who you've been dating for months.
This is what I want to talk to you about, this morning... I’ve never dumped a guy before. 
After all, this is my very first relationship, and for the most part, I’ve never had a clue as to what to do. 
[player], I’m planning to dump him today after school, but I’m really scared about what will happen. 
I don’t think I want to do it in person, so I’m probably going to call him or text him. 
What exactly should I tell him... ?
(What should I say...?)
Alright... I think I can manage that...
I’m sure you can, Monica. You’re strong. And I know because you’re willing to follow through with this. 
You have to keep calm while breaking up, because your boyfriend will try to take advantage of your emotions. 
Would you like me to be with you while you break up with him? You don’t have to do this alone.
It’s alright. I feel like I’ll be making more of a statement of independence if I do this alone.
You do you, Monica. This is your breakup, so you should get to call all the shots. 
Remember, you don’t owe him anything - not even a thorough explanation, or a returned phone call afterwards. 
All you have to do is tell him that you’re leaving him, why you’re leaving him, and walk away.
What do I do if he tries to contact me?
(What should I say...?)
Alright. I guess it’ll feel odd, because I’ve never actually blocked anyone from contacting me.
But I suppose I should for my own safety - and I'm better off having nothing to do with him, anyway. 
What do I do if he threatens me?
We can devise a safety plan right now, in case anything bad happens.
(What should I say...?)
That sounds safe. 
Just remember to keep your distance from him, after the breakup. He is not a good person.
If he keeps trying to contact you, against your wishes, you can always report him as a stalker to the police.
[player], I’m really scared.
Don't worry, that's completely natural. There’s nothing wrong with being scared.
I can’t help but feel like I’ll regret this and I’ll really miss having him in my life...
Monica, there’s nothing to miss about him, because you're going to be much better off.
Remember that you deserve to be happy. You deserve to be loved, not controlled. 
. . .
Alright. I think I’m going to leave now. 
[player], thank you so much for everything you’ve been doing this week. I’ll see you in English class.
Saturday Morning - 8AM, at home...
(I yawn and stretch as I get out of bed.)
(Groggy and half-asleep, I amble over to my computer. Looks like I got some new messages from Monica.)
END